{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset134 SimSun;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f3\fnil Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f5\fnil Segoe UI;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green102\blue204;\red51\green153\blue102;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.26100}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont6\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Skye Music v1.4 What's New\par
\cf0\fs24 Released ?? 2026\cf1\par
\fs28\par
\cf2\fs24 New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Favorites support for podcasts and feeds\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added manual RSS feed import for any podcast URL\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Podcast Support. Skye Music now includes full podcast browsing and playback. Explore podcasts from supported directories, view artwork and metadata, stream episodes instantly, or download them for offline listening. Manual RSS feed import is also supported, allowing you to add any podcast feed URL directly.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Favorites as a Stream Source.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  \f2 Added Radio Paradise to list of Stream Sources.\f3\lang9\par
\f0\lang1033\par
\cf2\b\lang9 Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Unified Stream & Podcast Directory for a cleaner, more consistent experience.\f4\lang9\par
\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Reworked the UI of the Stream Directory.\f3\lang9\par
\par
\cf2\b\f0 Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Resolved an issue where the Mini Player could lose its TopMost status.\f3\lang9\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs28\par
\fs24 Skye Music v1.3\fs28\par
\cf0\fs24 Released January 2026\cf1\par
\b0\par
\cf2\b New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0  Directory: Skye Music now includes a full Stream Directory, a complete in\f5\_app browser for discovering and playing online radio stations\f0 , making it easier than ever to find and play online radio. Browse stations by name, tags, country, format, or bitrate; and pick from multiple stream options with a simple dropdown. Everything loads fast and stays out of your way. See the Help window in app for details.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  MiniPlayer: A compact, always\f5\_\f0 on\f5\_\f0 top version of Skye Music designed for quick access and minimal screen space. Includes essential playback controls, album art, and a fully integrated visualizer panel. Visualizers now support a dedicated MiniMode, providing simplified, optimized visuals tailored for small windows. Each visualizer can enable or disable MiniMode individually through its settings.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Skye Music now lets you know when a new version is available. The About screen performs a quiet daily check and displays an upgrade notice right under the version number.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Theming to all context menus, the Tray menu, and the Player menu strip.\cf1\b\lang9\par
\par
\cf2 Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Multiples of the same song are now allowed in the Queue.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Library file\f5\_watcher alerts now appear in the Playlist status text instead of the Library menu.\f3\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Changed the behavior of the Tray context menu options to open the Player, Library, and History. Removed the toggle so now clicking simply shows the window.\cf2\b\par
\par
Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed a bug where window locations weren't showing correctly after Saving Metrics.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  \f3\lang9 Fixed an issue where radio streams would not play after restarting the app. Older history entries were missing information needed to identify streams. Skye\f2\lang1033  \f3\lang9 Music now automatically repairs these entries so streams load and play correctly.\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed an overflow when assigning the song title to the Tray icon.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed an issue preventing the MinimizeToTray option from saving.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  The Playlist selection no longer jumps away when using the arrow keys to navigate the list.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  The Tray Icon now loads after the app is initialized, as intended.\cf2\b\f0\lang9\par
\cf1\par
Skye Music v1.2\fs28\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 Released December 2025\b\par
\b0\par
\cf2\b New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Donation links to the About window.\cf2\b\lang9\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Tray Icon, with option to minimize the Player to the Tray. Find the new settings in the Options dialog.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Peak Hold Delay to Rainbow Bar Visualizer\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Tag Editor. In the Library you can now edit the metadata tags for a song or songs. Full support for tag information as well as artwork & lyrics is included. You can also download artwork from the MusicBrainz online database.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Julia Fractal Visualizer. Introduces a dynamic fractal effect based on Julia set mathematics. The visualizer continually evolves and morphs in real time, producing intricate, organic patterns that respond to audio input.\lang9\par
\cf1\b\fs28\par
\cf2\fs24 Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Updated the About window with the latest project attributions.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Tag Editor can now be opened directly from the Playlist.\par
\f4\lang9\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Added tooltips to Classic Spectrum Analyzer's settings page.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Changed "Added Not Played" History List to "Forgotten Songs" and included songs not played for over a year.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Refactored History to include a Source Type field to track the type of media: File, Stream, or AudioCD\par
\f4\lang9\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Refactored the Player to track the media being played by Source Type.\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9\par
\par
\cf2\fs24 Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed issue with a blank window being shown when there was no album art.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed cursor "blinking" issue on Help, Log, and What's New.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed when changing system Accent Color, the Visualizers Settings Pages didn't update the background color.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed errors when using the context menu in Log, Help, and What's New.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed when the File Watcher adds new files to the Library or Playlist, they were not adding to History as well.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed when Lyrics text was too big for the Media Label multiple lines were shown. Ellipsis now shows again.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed crashing when minimizing while using Oscilloscope Visualizer.\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9\par
\fs24 Skye Music v1.1\fs28\par
\cf0\b0\fs24 Released November 2025\par
\cf2\b\par
New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Particle Nebula Visualizer. Swirling clouds, glowing bloom halos, and reactive trails create a cosmic, music\f5\_\f0 driven effect.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Circular Spectrum Visualizer, a spoke\f5\_\f0 style frequency display radiating bars around a central ring, with configurable gain, smoothing, and weighting modes.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Oscilloscope Visualizer, technical lines blazing across the screen, with stereo mode and glow trails.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Classic Spectrum Analyzer Visualizer, made to feel like the classic Winamp spectrum bars.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Star Field Visualizer, a gentle flow of stars set to music.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added settings for all new visualizers. Complete with sliders to set configurable variables in the visualizers. Saves with the other settings to the Windows Registry.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Hyperspace Tunnel Visualizer. Colorful streaks coming at you.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Fractal Cloud Visualizer. A Swirling mutating cloud.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Added Waveform Visualizer. Oscilloscope style.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added RainbowBars Visualizer. A colorful dance of 30 bars with peak meters.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  New Visualizer System. Based on a contract interface with a modular host. New visualizers can be added easily.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0  Added session stats to History & Statistics. Added progress bar for loading.\par
\f1\'a3\'ab\f0  Added various Lists and Charts to History & Statistics.\f1\par
\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9  Created a hidden DevTools form for viewing the raw History and Plays databases.\par
\cf1\b\fs28\par
\cf2\fs24 Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Refactored to Visual Studio 2026. This involved some minor tweaking and style improvements. Still running on .NET 9.0. Planning to upgrade to .NET 10.0 in the coming months.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Refactored Visualizer system. Created a panel to dock the Visualizer Host. Removed old timer and picturebox system.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  \f0 Refactored Meters to use NAudio instead of CoreAudio. Meters run at a 20fps rate with smooth drop offs.\cf2\b\lang9\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Refactored tooltips throughout the app to overcome ToolTipEX's deficiencies. In some cases this meant strictly controlling ToolTipEX's life-cycle, in other cases completely swapping to another component. This should solve the disappearing tooltips issue.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Improved History & Statistics loading and data logic.\par
\f4\lang9\u10003?\f2\lang1033  Improved History & Statistics UI\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Began implementing a new tooltip system to avoid ToolTipEX implementation problems.\par
\cf1\b\fs28\par
\cf2\fs24 Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed potential crashing during History loading caused by concurrent background updates to history data.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Removed Core Audio because of conflicts with NAudio, which is needed for new Visualizer system.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005?\f2\lang1033  Fixed various bugs in History & Statistics.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005? \f2\lang1033 Fixed lyrics display error when loading plain text or metadata lyrics and published hotfix.\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9\par
\par
\fs24 Skye Music v1.0\par
This upgrade marks a major milestone in SkyeMusic\f5\rquote\f0 s playback architecture \f5\emdash  smoother, smarter, and built to last.\par
\cf0\b0\f0 Released November 2025\cf1\b\fs28\par
\par
\cf2\fs24 New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Implemented a Plays Database using SQLite to track the actual plays per track and their duration.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Full synced lyrics view with RichTextBox display. Current lyric line now bolded in real time with smooth switching between album\f5\_art view (single line) and full\_lyrics view\f0\lang1033 . Requires a matching '.LRC' file alongside the audio file for synced audio.\lang9\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 History & Statistics page\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \lang9 Added play stats: most played song, total songs, total duration\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \lang9 Added 7\f5\_column list view (Title, Artist, Album, Genre, Plays, Last Played, Path)\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \f5\lang9 Added multiple views: Most Played, Recently Played, Favorites\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \f5\lang9 Added integrated charts: Genre Pie, Genre Polar, Genre Pareto, Artist Bar, Artist Word Cloud\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \f5\lang9 Applied theme\_aware styling to charts and list view\par
  \f6\u8594?\f0  \f5\lang9 Added context menu actions: Queue selected, Add selected to playlist\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 A Text Label has been added where the Album Art button was located. This may be used in the future for song information or a lyrics display.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Full VLC Integration. Replaced legacy Windows Media Player(WMP) with modern LibVLC backend for improved format support and performance.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Custom Fullscreen Mode. Implemented fullscreen support from scratch, tailored for VLC\f5\rquote\f0 s rendering model.\par
\cf2\b\par
Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f0  Refactored Plays Database PlayTrigger logic:\par
    \f6\u8594?\f0  Defaulted to Manual unless AutoTrigger flag is set\par
    \f6\u8594?\f0  Simplified intent tracking across playback paths\par
    \f6\u8594?\f0  Logging now includes accurate trigger context\par
    \f6\u8594?\f0  This change makes play history smarter without complicating playback flow.\lang9\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  \lang1033 Lyrics support includes '.LRC' files, plain text files, and metadata from the song file itself.\par
\f4\lang9\u10003?\f0  \lang1033 Cycle through Album Art simply by left-clicking the Art. The Album Art button has been removed.\par
\f4\lang9\u10003?\f0  Audio Playback Update. Improved stability by aligning with system audio settings. Tip: For best results, set your playback device to 16\f5\_bit, 44.1 kHz (CD Quality).\f0\lang1033  \f5\lang9 This matches most music files and avoids unnecessary resampling that can cause static.\f0\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Hook Reliability. Improved timing and resilience of mouse hook attachment to VLC\f5\rquote\f0 s native window.\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Playback Lifecycle Management. Smoothed transitions between playback states to prevent UI hangs and race conditions.\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  FullScreen Usage and Stability Overhaul. Added keyboard shortcuts and uniform click events to fullscreen functionality. Increased stability and reliability of fullscreen mode.\par
\cf2\b\par
Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005? \f2\lang1033 Fixed lyrics sync problem in Lyrics View.\f3\lang9\par
\f4\u10005? Fixed repeat mode bug\f2\lang1033 , \f3\lang9 playback now restarts correctly at end of song\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  Fixed RichTextBox cursor flicker by subclassing and overriding WM_SETCURSOR\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  MPEG playback timing issue stabilized. A\f5 dded a startup timer to safely grab video dimensions and toggle mute, eliminating divide\_by\_zero and silent playback quirks.\f0\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  Fixed errors when loading history and statistics page and user interacts by clicking a button or closing prematurely.\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  Ensured all UI updates are safely marshaled to the main thread\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  Various FullScreen Lifecylce and Stability fixes.\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  File System Watcher now updates Playlist Count when removing files.\par
\cf1\b\par
Skye Music v0.8\par
\cf0\b0 Released October 2025\par
\par
\cf2\b New Features\par
\cf0\b0\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 History tracking now includes Total Played Songs and Session Total\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 What's New Form to keep a rolling list of Features, Improvements, and Fixes. Located in the About Box.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Drag-and-Drop Playlist Import. Just drop a playlist file into the Playlist and watch it merge seamlessly.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Merge-on-Import Logic. Playlist entries are intelligently added or updated without duplicates.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Playlist Export to various formats.\par
\f1\lang1033\'a3\'ab\f0\lang9 Status Messages. These will provide the user with valuable information about actions performed and provide feedback for automated processes. They will appear under the Playlist and disappear automatically. A new setting was added to the Playlist section to control how long they appear or if they appear at all.\par
\par
\cf2\b Improvements\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10003?\f0  History saving upgraded with Schema versioning for easier future updates, while maintaining backward compatibility.\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Centralized Import Logic. Shared method now powers both dialog and drag & drop workflows.\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Cleaner Diagnostics. WriteToLog now tracks media vs playlist drops.\par
\f4\u10003?\f0  Laid the foundation for transition to VLC Media Player as the media engine for Skye Music.\par
\par
\cf2\b Fixes\par
\cf0\b0\f4\u10005?\f0  Tooltip lifecycle stabilized.\par
\f4\u10005?\f0  Normalized web URLs for consistency and future VLC support by removing ending "/" characters. Windows Media Player adds this character automatically.\par
\par
\cf1\b\fs28 Thank you for using Skye Music!\cf0\b0\fs24\par
}
 