{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f2\fswiss Segoe UI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f6\fnil Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green102\blue204;\red51\green153\blue102;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.26100}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Skye Music Help\par
\par
\cf2\f1\fs24 Player Shortcuts & Functions\par
\cf0 <Spacebar> \b0 Toggle Play/Pause\par
\b <Ctrl>+<Spacebar> \b0 Stop\par
\b <M> \b0 Toggle Mute\par
\b <Left Arrow>\b0  Fast Reverse\par
\b <Right Arrow> \b0 Fast Forward\par
\b <B> \b0 Previous Song\par
\b <N> \b0 Next Song\par
\b <L> \b0 Library\par
\b <D> \b0 Directory\par
\b <V> \b0 Toggle Visualizer On/Off\par
\b <P> \b0 Toggle MiniPlayer\par
\b <F, F11> \b0 Fullscreen (When Playing A Video)\par
\b <Escape> \b0 Exit Fullscreen\par
\b Play/Pause, Stop, Next, and Previous \b0 Global Media Keys may be used.\par
\b <Left-Click> \b0 on a video enables Fullscreen\par
\b Minimize App On Screen Lock \b0 will stop play and minimize the app when the screen is locked or the screen saver is activated.\par
\b <Escape> \b0 while window is maximized will return the window to a normal state.\par
\b <Left-Click> \b0 on the Tray Icon to minimize the app, optionally minimizing to the Tray.\b\par
<Left\f2\_\f1\lang1033 C\f2\lang9 lick\f1\lang1033 >\f2\lang9  \b0\f1\lang1033 on \f2\lang9 the album art to cycle to the next image (only applies if multiple images are available).\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 A small number badge in the upper\_right corner of the album art indicates how many images are associated with the current song.\f1\par
\b <Double-Click> \b0 on either Album Art, the Visualizer, or the Video will maximize the window or return it to a normal state.\par
\par
\cf2\b Playlist Shortcuts\cf0\b0\fs28\par
\b\fs24 <Up Arrow> \b0 Select Up\par
\b <Down Arrow> \b0 Select Down\par
\b <Enter> \b0 Play or Queue Song\par
\b <Delete>\b0  Remove Selected Songs from the Playlist\par
\par
\cf2\b Library\cf0\b0\fs28\par
\b\fs24 <Escape> \b0 closes Library.\par
\b <Left-Click> \b0\lang1033 on \f2\lang9 the album art to cycle to the next image (only applies if multiple images are available).\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 A small number badge in the \f1\lang1033 lower-left \f2\lang9 corner of the album art indicates how many images are associated with the current song.\f1\par
\b <Right-Click> \b0 on album art displays it at full size.\par
\par
\cf2\b Tag Editor\cf0\b0\fs28\par
\b\fs24 <Right-Click> \b0 on any art image displays it at full size.\par
\par
\cf2\b MiniPlayer\cf0\b0\par
The MiniPlayer is a compact, always\f2\_on\_top version of Skye\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Music designed for quick access, clean visuals, and minimal screen footprint. It gives you the essential\f1\lang1033 s: \f2\lang9 playback controls, \f1\lang1033 album art, \f2\lang9 track information, and a visualizer\f1\lang1033 , \f2\lang9 while staying out of your way.\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 The MiniPlayer is designed to keep Skye\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Music visible while you work, browse, or game, offering a lightweight way to enjoy visualizers without opening the full window. It can be tucked neatly into a corner of your screen, making it perfect as a small \ldblquote desk companion\rdblquote  version of the app that stays out of the way while still giving you quick access to playback and visuals. The MiniPlayer is intentionally simple\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 and unobtrusive.\par
\par
You can open the MiniPlayer from the main player\rquote s menu, from the tray icon by\b  \f1\lang1033 <D\f2\lang9 ouble\_\f1\lang1033 C\f2\lang9 lick\f1\lang1033 >\b0\f2\lang9 ing it, or by using the keyboard shortcut \b\f1\lang1033 <\f2\lang9 P\f1\lang1033 >\b0\f2\lang9 . \b\f1\lang1033 <ESC> \b0 or \b <P> \b0 will close the MiniPlayer and reopen the Player. \f2\lang9 Closing the MiniPlayer never stops playback; it simply hides the compact view and hands control back to the main window, letting your music continue uninterrupted.\par
\par
Each visualizer offers an \f1\lang1033 "\f2\lang9 Allow MiniMode\f1\lang1033 "\f2\lang9  setting; when enabled, the MiniPlayer uses a version of the visualizer specifically optimized for small spaces, and when disabled, it displays the full visualizer exactly as it appears in the main window\f1\lang1033 , just in a smaller space.\par
\par
\cf2\b\lang9 Stream & Podcast Directory\par
\cf0\b0\f2 The Directory is Skye\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Music\rquote s unified browser for discovering, playing, and managing online radio stations and podcast feeds. It provides fast search, clean filtering, and full transparency about each station or podcast\rquote s available streams, episodes, and metadata.\par
\par
\i What You Can Do\i0\par
- Browse thousands of radio stations from supported sources\par
- Search stations by name, tags, country, format, or bitrate\par
- View bitrate, format, and status at a glance\par
- Select from multiple stream URLs when a station offers more than one\par
- Play a station immediately or add it to your playlist\par
- Save stations as favorites\par
- Browse podcasts from supported directories\par
- View podcast artwork, title, author, and categories\par
- Load episodes from any valid RSS feed\par
- Play podcast episodes directly or download them for offline listening\par
- Manually import any podcast feed URL\par
\par
\i Radio Station Columns\i0\par
- Name \endash  The station\rquote s display name\par
- Tags \endash  Keywords describing the station\rquote s genre or style\par
- Format \endash  The audio format (MP3, AAC, etc.)\par
- Bitrate \endash  The stream\rquote s quality level\par
- Country \endash  The station\rquote s origin\par
- Status \endash  Whether the station is currently online\par
- URL \endash  The stream URL used for playback\par
- (\f3\u9662?\f1 ) \f2\endash  Indicates the station has multiple stream options\par
\par
\i Selecting a Stream\i0\par
Some stations provide more than one stream (for example, different bitrates or formats).\par
To choose a specific stream:\par
- Click the \f3\u9662?\f1  More column for that station\par
- A menu appears listing all available streams\par
- Each entry shows the bitrate, format, and a shortened version of the URL\par
- Click the stream you want to use\par
SkyeMusic updates the URL column automatically and uses your selection for playback.\par
\par
\i Podcast Browsing\i0\par
When browsing podcasts, Skye Music displays:\par
- Artwork\par
- Title\par
- Author\par
- Category\par
- Feed URL\par
Selecting a podcast loads its episode list, including:\par
- Episode title\par
- Publish date\par
- Description (when available)\par
- Media URL\par
Episodes can be streamed immediately or downloaded for offline playback.\par
\par
\i Manual Podcast Feed Import\i0\par
Skye Music supports manual import of any valid RSS feed.\par
To add a feed:\par
- Select Add Podcast Feed from the source list\par
- Enter the feed\rquote s URL\par
- Skye Music loads the podcast\rquote s metadata and episodes automatically\par
This works with most podcast hosts, private feeds, and many YouTube channel RSS feeds.\par
\par
\i Right\f2\_Click Menus\i0\par
Right\_clicking a station or episode opens the context menu, allowing you to:\par
- Play immediately\par
- Add to playlist\par
- Add to favorites\par
- Copy the stream or episode URL\par
- Download podcast episodes (when supported)\par
\par
\i How Playlist Stream URLs Are Handled\i0\par
Skye\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Music resolves playlist files (.pls, .m3u, .m3u8) automatically and shows you the direct streams they contain.\par
This ensures:\par
- Faster playback\par
- More reliable history entries\par
- No hidden or unstable URLs\par
If a station provides multiple streams, Skye\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Music will choose a suitable option automatically, but you can always override it using the dropdown menu.\par
\par
Notes\par
- The Directory updates automatically when switching sources\par
- Some stations may appear offline if their streams are temporarily unavailable\par
- Stream URLs can change over time; selecting a fresh one usually resolves playback issues\par
- Podcast feeds vary widely; artwork or metadata may not always be available\par
\par
\cf2\b\f1 Stream Metadata Support\cf0\b0\f4\par
Skye\f5\lang1033  \f4\lang9 Music can display \ldblquote Now Playing\rdblquote  information for many online radio stations. When a station provides track metadata, Skye\f5\lang1033  \f4\lang9 Music automatically reads and updates it while you listen.\par
\par
Some stations, such as SomaFM, publish their track information separately from the audio stream. Skye\f5\lang1033  \f4\lang9 Music includes built\f6\_in support for these stations and will show artist and title information whenever it\rquote s available.\par
\par
If a station does not provide metadata, or provides only partial information, Skye\f5\lang1033  \f6\lang9 Music will simply display the station \f5\lang1033 title and URL from the playlist\f6\lang9  instead. This behavior is normal and depends entirely on what the station broadcasts.\f2\par
\par
}
 